I'll find the standing game but that's
all damn night
Oh 300 and
Hey please homeboy
my oh my you know this way it makes me
want to kick field goals three boys
but this is you know this is gonna
skyrocket sales of this book make that
guy a little happier over there know
what there are 350 photographs in the
book to demonstrate the X now what is
the standing a do for UHF stop traffic I
hope you see things from a new person
when you're down there like that you can
know how I see Nirvana
how long do you hold that position as
long as you can
hmm and and it increases the circulation
actually it does you know what is this
one no no no we can have it finish with
the standing and your baby boos I'm
sorry okay I'm sorry that's right that's
okay I really am now what happens with
the standing game well you know a lot of
people saying you know if they want to
revitalize themselves they hang from
boots and stuff or hang upside down to
this kind of thing this is you get the
same results just by doing that all you
have to do is just drop yourself down oh
we're gonna see it oh we're gonna but
not from that angle folks if you stay
down like that you're basically all the
blood and everything is rushing to your
head and your spine yeah straightens out
your spine and helps your circulation
that's right it takes the wrinkles out
of your shorts that - all right now
let's take a look at number 22 do you
mind
I do lanced know we can show it's very
advanced well let's just shot it now
that looks like an end table that
doesn't look like
that's very showing things out of
context this is you have to work your
way up to 20 there are millions of
people who do yoga and not all of them
are beginners so that was for those
people who have been along everyone
games well I've been doing it for about
eight or nine years or you can what's
what's the top number you can go to no I
want to hear it doing it here no never
much I mean where you have all of these
physicians number
like that we just saw 22 is that the
highest student I mean is that's it why
on yon I do I think it is 23 23 position
positions yeah no no I'm sorry 28 28
missions and are they all in the Booker
they're all in the boat oh jeez it was
nice to meet you
you think you'll ever come back yeah
next time tell me what you want me to do
and then I'll do it for you well you I
think you pretty much we're not waiting
for years uh nice meeting you thank you
nice to meet you yes ma'am thank you